miacca you've got a hurry the trains
about to leave huh ever she starts
running with a bag yes all right that's
my little sister for you
I have no normal idiot would run into a
wall okay hang on I'll get you peeled
off of there
oh great if you're gonna keep acting
like that I'm gonna go find another seat
whoa this thing goes so fast
naca you gotta see this uh Tama homemade
could you maybe take her shoes off the
seat whoa you he said she wanted to come
with us
she said her fever had gone down quite a
bit - okay tell AHA man done eating so
let's talk now he always pushes herself
too hard so you have to be firm with it
oh really tough guy did you tell her not
to come along ah well I am
the four of us were on our way to
Morioka once more this time to visit
Susan OHS grave
Oh
let's go
whoa
to me
and she
you
Oh
you're good
kishi
please hear us as we pray across time
and space Susan oh and Tutera died at
the exact same moment
if tomorrow may hadn't appeared in this
world again to be with me it's very
likely that I would have ended up like
Susan l what what's wrong tomorrow me uh
nothing I just thought for a second I
heard somebody call my name sorry
must have been my imagination nam myoho
renge Kyo nam a stay while we're here
why don't we pay a visit to tokiko's
gravesite as well huh Tokiko Okuda the
priestess of Genbu grandma's father and
tokiko's father ans ko CUDA used to be
very close friends is that why you took
care of miss Suzuno these past few years
yeah even though we're not really
related
my grandpa fell in love with Susan Oh
mmm I assume you mean your real
grandfather right yeah and if you're
here that means he must have had kids
too so if he produced your dad that
means you have another grandma somewhere
in there doesn't it I mean it was a
ridiculous real-life love story
I'm a homie I heard it again calling me
are you alright maybe the train ride
disoriented you of course he had too
much fun on the train don't tease him
here it is this is Tokiko Oh Cudas great
yeah along with her father a in SK